Stronger readme marketing (#670)
storyscript/storyscript: README.md

[![Devdocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/devdocs-online-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://storyscript.readthedocs.io)

<div align="center">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2041757/44708914-9c66a380-aaa8-11e8-8e53-502c17ab5be3.png" width="275">
</div>

## 👋 Meet Storyscript

> The [DSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language) for **Application Storytelling**. The age of cloud native, rapid application development. Developed passionatly by [@Asyncy](https://github.com/asyncy) on a mission to make development 100x easier.

Reviewer: 100x sounds a bit too prententious and development is used three times in two sentences. 

```suggestion
The [DSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain-specific_language) for **Application Storytelling**.
_Write stories_, not code. Develop rapidly. Deploy natively to the cloud.
Designed with :heart: by [@Asyncy](https://asyncy.com) on a mission to bring application development to the next level.
```

```coffee
# Applications are stories of data.

> when http server listen path: '/' as request     # Serverless

Author: That's ok. Think of this as preparing for the near future.

    result = microservice action key: value      # Written in any language wrapped in Docker or RKT
    result = function(key: value)                # Lambda, OpenFaaS, KNative or Storyscript
    list = 'string' split by: ','                # Mutations == No middleware
    data = OpenAPI get users: users              # OpenAPI & AsyncAPI for legacy system support
    sent = machinebox/textbox process input:data # Free/Paid Serivces
    if sent.positive                             # Conditions

>         async doSomethingAsync()                 # Fully-Asynchronous

Author: Yes, we can remove this for now.

        foreach list as item                     # Turning complete
            # ...
    request write content: 'Hello World!'

> 

Reviewer: Maybe close the file here and open a new one, s.t. the distinction between file and shell is easier for the reader?

# Next launch on the Asyncy Platform
$ asyncy deploy  # Zero-devop deployments into Kubernetes
```

💯Open Source for a delicious application development. :sparkles::cake::sparkles:

> 🚀Choose: hosted **Asyncy Cloud** or `helm install asyncy` for on-premises deployments.

## Current status

Storyscript is at an alpha stage and is part of the [Asyncy](https://asyncy.com)

> project. If you want to learn more about Asyncy, and how to use StoryScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project. If you want to learn more about Asyncy, and how to use Storyscript
```
